README.md, before:

# CATO VSOCKET Azure VNET Terraform module

Terraform module which creates an Azure Socket Site in the Cato Management Application (CMA), and deploys a pair of HA virtual socket instances in Azure.

## NOTE
- For help with finding exact sytax to match site location for city, state_name, country_name and timezone, please refer to the [cato_siteLocation data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/siteLocation).
- For help with finding a license id to assign, please refer to the [cato_licensingInfo data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/licensingInfo).

## Usage

```hcl

variable azure_subscription_id {
  default = "xxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}

variable cato_token {}
variable baseurl {}
variable account_id {}


provider "azurerm" {
  subscription_id = var.azure_subscription_id
  features {}
}

provider "cato" {
  baseurl    = var.baseurl
  token      = var.cato_token
  account_id = var.account_id
}

module "vsocket-azure-ha" {
  source                  = "catonetworks/vsocket-azure-ha/cato"
  token                   = var.cato_token
  account_id              = var.account_id
  location                = "East US"
  resource_group_name     = "Your Resource Group Name Here"
  azure_subsciption_id    = var.azure_subscription_id
  subnet_range_mgmt       = "10.3.1.0/24"
  subnet_range_wan        = "10.3.2.0/24"
  subnet_range_lan        = "10.3.3.0/24"
  lan_subnet_name         = "Your LAN Subnet Name Here"
  mgmt_nic_name_primary   = "mgmt-nic-primary"
  wan_nic_name_primary    = "wan-nic-primary"
  lan_nic_name_primary    = "lan-nic-primary"
  mgmt_nic_name_secondary = "mgmt-nic-secondary"
  wan_nic_name_secondary  = "wan-nic-secondary"
  lan_nic_name_secondary  = "lan-nic-secondary"
  floating_ip             = "10.3.3.6"
  subnet_range_lan        = "10.3.3.0/24"
  native_network_range    = "10.3.0.0/16"
  vnet_name               = "Your VNET Name HERE"
  site_name               = "Azure_Socket_Site"
  site_description        = "Azure Socket Site East US"
  site_type               = "CLOUD_DC"
  site_location = {
    city         = "New York"
    country_code = "US"
    state_code   = "US-NY" ## Optional - for coutnries with states
    timezone     = "America/New_York"
  }
  tags = { 
    key = "value"
  }
}
```

## Site Location Reference

For more information on site_location syntax, use the [Cato CLI](https://github.com/catonetworks/cato-cli) to lookup values.

```bash
$ pip3 install catocli
$ export CATO_TOKEN="your-api-token-here"
$ export CATO_ACCOUNT_ID="your-account-id"
$ catocli query siteLocation -h
$ catocli query siteLocation '{"filters":[{"search": "San Diego","field":"city","operation":"exact"}]}' -p
```

## Example Diagram
<details><summary> Example Diagram </summary> 
<img src=./images/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha.png></img>
</details>

## Authors

Module is maintained by [Cato Networks](https://github.com/catonetworks) with help from [these awesome contributors](https://github.com/catonetworks/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha/graphs/contributors).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/catonetworks/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha/tree/master/LICENSE) for full details.


<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >=3.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >=3.0.0 |
| <a name="provider_cato"></a> [cato](#provider\_cato) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.vsocket_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.vsocket_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.lan-subnet-role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.primary_nic_ha_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.secondary_nic_ha_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.CatoHaIdentity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.vsocket-custom-script-primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine_extension) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.vsocket-custom-script-secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine_extension) | resource |
| [cato_license.license](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/resources/license) | resource |
| [cato_socket_site.azure-site](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/resources/socket_site) | resource |
| [null_resource.configure_secondary_azure_vsocket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.delay](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.delay-300](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.reboot_vsocket_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.reboot_vsocket_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.run_command_ha_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.run_command_ha_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.sleep_30_seconds](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.sleep_before_delete](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [random_string.vsocket-random-password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [random_string.vsocket-random-username](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [time_sleep.sleep_5_seconds](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [time_sleep.sleep_5_seconds_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_mac_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_mac_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.mgmt_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.mgmt_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_mac_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_mac_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site-2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site-secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | Account ID used for the Cato Networks integration. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_azure_subscription_id"></a> [azure\_subscription\_id](#input\_azure\_subscription\_id) | The Azure Subscription ID where the resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_baseurl"></a> [baseurl](#input\_baseurl) | Base URL for the Cato Networks API. | `string` | `"https://api.catonetworks.com/api/v1/graphql2"` | no |
| <a name="input_commands"></a> [commands](#input\_commands) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "rm /cato/deviceid.txt",<br/>  "rm /cato/socket/configuration/socket_registration.json",<br/>  "nohup /cato/socket/run_socket_daemon.sh &"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_commands-secondary"></a> [commands-secondary](#input\_commands-secondary) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "nohup /cato/socket/run_socket_daemon.sh &"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_disk_size_gb"></a> [disk\_size\_gb](#input\_disk\_size\_gb) | Size of the managed disk in GB. | `number` | `8` | no |
| <a name="input_dns_servers"></a> [dns\_servers](#input\_dns\_servers) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "10.254.254.1",<br/>  "168.63.129.16",<br/>  "1.1.1.1",<br/>  "8.8.8.8"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_floating_ip"></a> [floating\_ip](#input\_floating\_ip) | The floating IP address used for High Availability (HA) failover. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_image_reference_id"></a> [image\_reference\_id](#input\_image\_reference\_id) | The path to the image used to deploy a specific version of the virtual socket. | `string` | `"/Subscriptions/38b5ec1d-b3b6-4f50-a34e-f04a67121955/Providers/Microsoft.Compute/Locations/eastus/Publishers/catonetworks/ArtifactTypes/VMImage/Offers/cato_socket/Skus/public-cato-socket/Versions/19.0.17805"` | no |
| <a name="input_lan_nic_name_primary"></a> [lan\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_lan\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary LAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_lan_nic_name_secondary"></a> [lan\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_lan\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary LAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_lan_subnet_name"></a> [lan\_subnet\_name](#input\_lan\_subnet\_name) | The name of the LAN subnet within the specified VNET. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_license_bw"></a> [license\_bw](#input\_license\_bw) | The license bandwidth number for the cato site, specifying bandwidth ONLY applies for pooled licenses.  For a standard site license that is not pooled, leave this value null. Must be a number greater than 0 and an increment of 10. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_license_id"></a> [license\_id](#input\_license\_id) | The license ID for the Cato vSocket of license type CATO\_SITE, CATO\_SSE\_SITE, CATO\_PB, CATO\_PB\_SSE.  Example License ID value: 'abcde123-abcd-1234-abcd-abcde1234567'.  Note that licenses are for commercial accounts, and not supported for trial accounts. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) The Azure region where the resources should be deployed. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_mgmt_nic_name_primary"></a> [mgmt\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_mgmt\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary management network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_mgmt_nic_name_secondary"></a> [mgmt\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_mgmt\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary management network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_native_network_range"></a> [native\_network\_range](#input\_native\_network\_range) | Choose a unique range for your Azure environment that does not conflict with the rest of your Wide Area Network.<br/>    The accepted input format is Standard CIDR Notation, e.g. X.X.X.X/X | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Azure Resource Group where all resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_site_description"></a> [site\_description](#input\_site\_description) | A brief description of the site for identification purposes. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_site_location"></a> [site\_location](#input\_site\_location) | The physical location of the site, including city, country code, state code, and timezone. | <pre>object({<br/>    city         = string<br/>    country_code = string<br/>    state_code   = string<br/>    timezone     = string<br/>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br/>  "city": "New York",<br/>  "country_code": "US",<br/>  "state_code": "US-NY",<br/>  "timezone": "America/New_York"<br/>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_site_name"></a> [site\_name](#input\_site\_name) | The name of the Cato Networks site. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_site_type"></a> [site\_type](#input\_site\_type) | The type of the site (DATACENTER, BRANCH, CLOUD\_DC, HEADQUARTERS). | `string` | `"CLOUD_DC"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_range_lan"></a> [subnet\_range\_lan](#input\_subnet\_range\_lan) | LAN subnet prefix in CIDR notation (e.g., X.X.X.X/X). | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A Map of Key = Value to describe infrastructure | `map(any)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_token"></a> [token](#input\_token) | API token used to authenticate with the Cato Networks API. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_size"></a> [vm\_size](#input\_vm\_size) | (Required) Specifies the size of the Virtual Machine. See Azure VM Naming Conventions: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/vm-naming-conventions | `string` | `"Standard_D8ls_v5"` | no |
| <a name="input_vnet_name"></a> [vnet\_name](#input\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Virtual Network (VNET) where the vSockets will be deployed. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wan_nic_name_primary"></a> [wan\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_wan\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary WAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wan_nic_name_secondary"></a> [wan\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_wan\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary WAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cato_primary_serial"></a> [cato\_primary\_serial](#output\_cato\_primary\_serial) | Primary Cato Socket Serial Number |
| <a name="output_cato_secondary_serial"></a> [cato\_secondary\_serial](#output\_cato\_secondary\_serial) | Secondary Cato Socket Serial Number |
| <a name="output_cato_site_id"></a> [cato\_site\_id](#output\_cato\_site\_id) | ID of the Cato Socket Site |
| <a name="output_cato_site_name"></a> [cato\_site\_name](#output\_cato\_site\_name) | Name of the Cato Site |
| <a name="output_ha_identity_id"></a> [ha\_identity\_id](#output\_ha\_identity\_id) | ID of the User Assigned Identity for HA |
| <a name="output_ha_identity_principal_id"></a> [ha\_identity\_principal\_id](#output\_ha\_identity\_principal\_id) | Principal ID of the HA Identity |
| <a name="output_lan-sec-mac"></a> [lan-sec-mac](#output\_lan-sec-mac) | Collect MAC addess of Secondary LAN interface |
| <a name="output_lan_primary_nic_id"></a> [lan\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_lan\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the LAN Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_secondary_mac_address"></a> [lan\_secondary\_mac\_address](#output\_lan\_secondary\_mac\_address) | MAC Address of the Secondary LAN Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_secondary_nic_id"></a> [lan\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_lan\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the LAN Secondary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_subnet_role_assignment_id"></a> [lan\_subnet\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_lan\_subnet\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the LAN Subnet |
| <a name="output_mgmt_primary_nic_id"></a> [mgmt\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_mgmt\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the Management Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_mgmt_secondary_nic_id"></a> [mgmt\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_mgmt\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the Management Secondary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_primary_nic_role_assignment_id"></a> [primary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_primary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the Primary NIC |
| <a name="output_secondary_nic_role_assignment_id"></a> [secondary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_secondary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the Secondary NIC |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_reboot_status"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_reboot\_status](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_reboot\_status) | Status of the Primary vSocket VM Reboot |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_vm_id"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_vm\_id](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_vm\_id) | ID of the Primary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_vm_name"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_vm\_name](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_vm\_name) | Name of the Primary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_reboot_status"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_reboot\_status](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_reboot\_status) | Status of the Secondary vSocket VM Reboot |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_vm_id"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_id](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_id) | ID of the Secondary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_vm_name"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_name](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_name) | Name of the Secondary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_wan_primary_nic_id"></a> [wan\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_wan\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the WAN Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_wan_secondary_nic_id"></a> [wan\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_wan\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the WAN Secondary Network Interface |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Updated module to include site_location dynamic resolution from azure region.

README.md, after:

# CATO VSOCKET Azure VNET Terraform module

Terraform module which creates an Azure Socket Site in the Cato Management Application (CMA), and deploys a pair of HA virtual socket instances in Azure.

## NOTE
- For help with finding exact sytax to match site location for city, state_name, country_name and timezone, please refer to the [cato_siteLocation data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/siteLocation).
- For help with finding a license id to assign, please refer to the [cato_licensingInfo data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/licensingInfo).

## Usage

```hcl

variable azure_subscription_id {
  default = "xxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}

variable cato_token {}
variable baseurl {}
variable account_id {}


provider "azurerm" {
  subscription_id = var.azure_subscription_id
  features {}
}

provider "cato" {
  baseurl    = var.baseurl
  token      = var.cato_token
  account_id = var.account_id
}

module "vsocket-azure-ha" {
  source                  = "catonetworks/vsocket-azure-ha/cato"
  token                   = var.cato_token
  account_id              = var.account_id
  location                = "East US"
  resource_group_name     = "Your Resource Group Name Here"
  azure_subsciption_id    = var.azure_subscription_id
  subnet_range_mgmt       = "10.3.1.0/24"
  subnet_range_wan        = "10.3.2.0/24"
  subnet_range_lan        = "10.3.3.0/24"
  lan_subnet_name         = "Your LAN Subnet Name Here"
  mgmt_nic_name_primary   = "mgmt-nic-primary"
  wan_nic_name_primary    = "wan-nic-primary"
  lan_nic_name_primary    = "lan-nic-primary"
  mgmt_nic_name_secondary = "mgmt-nic-secondary"
  wan_nic_name_secondary  = "wan-nic-secondary"
  lan_nic_name_secondary  = "lan-nic-secondary"
  floating_ip             = "10.3.3.6"
  subnet_range_lan        = "10.3.3.0/24"
  native_network_range    = "10.3.0.0/16"
  vnet_name               = "Your VNET Name HERE"
  site_name               = "Azure_Socket_Site"
  site_description        = "Azure Socket Site East US"
  site_type               = "CLOUD_DC"
  site_location = {
    city         = "New York"
    country_code = "US"
    state_code   = "US-NY" ## Optional - for coutnries with states
    timezone     = "America/New_York"
  }
  tags = { 
    key = "value"
  }
}
```

## Site Location Reference

For more information on site_location syntax, use the [Cato CLI](https://github.com/catonetworks/cato-cli) to lookup values.

```bash
$ pip3 install catocli
$ export CATO_TOKEN="your-api-token-here"
$ export CATO_ACCOUNT_ID="your-account-id"
$ catocli query siteLocation -h
$ catocli query siteLocation '{"filters":[{"search": "San Diego","field":"city","operation":"exact"}]}' -p
```

## Example Diagram
<details><summary> Example Diagram </summary> 
<img src=./images/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha.png></img>
</details>

## Authors

Module is maintained by [Cato Networks](https://github.com/catonetworks) with help from [these awesome contributors](https://github.com/catonetworks/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha/graphs/contributors).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/catonetworks/terraform-cato-vsocket-azure-ha/tree/master/LICENSE) for full details.


<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.13 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >=3.0.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >=3.0.0 |
| <a name="provider_cato"></a> [cato](#provider\_cato) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_time"></a> [time](#provider\_time) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.vsocket_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine) | resource |
| [azurerm_linux_virtual_machine.vsocket_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/linux_virtual_machine) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.lan-subnet-role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.primary_nic_ha_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_role_assignment.secondary_nic_ha_role](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) | resource |
| [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.CatoHaIdentity](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/user_assigned_identity) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.vsocket-custom-script-primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine_extension) | resource |
| [azurerm_virtual_machine_extension.vsocket-custom-script-secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/virtual_machine_extension) | resource |
| [cato_license.license](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/resources/license) | resource |
| [cato_socket_site.azure-site](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/resources/socket_site) | resource |
| [null_resource.configure_secondary_azure_vsocket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.delay](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.delay-300](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.reboot_vsocket_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.reboot_vsocket_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.run_command_ha_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.run_command_ha_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.sleep_30_seconds](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [null_resource.sleep_before_delete](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [random_string.vsocket-random-password](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [random_string.vsocket-random-username](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/string) | resource |
| [time_sleep.sleep_5_seconds](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [time_sleep.sleep_5_seconds_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/time/latest/docs/resources/sleep) | resource |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_mac_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_mac_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.lan_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.mgmt_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.mgmt_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_mac_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_mac_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [azurerm_network_interface.wan_secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/network_interface) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site-2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |
| [cato_accountSnapshotSite.azure-site-secondary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/accountSnapshotSite) | data source |
| [cato_siteLocation.site_location](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/catonetworks/cato/latest/docs/data-sources/siteLocation) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_account_id"></a> [account\_id](#input\_account\_id) | Account ID used for the Cato Networks integration. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_azure_subscription_id"></a> [azure\_subscription\_id](#input\_azure\_subscription\_id) | The Azure Subscription ID where the resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_baseurl"></a> [baseurl](#input\_baseurl) | Base URL for the Cato Networks API. | `string` | `"https://api.catonetworks.com/api/v1/graphql2"` | no |
| <a name="input_commands"></a> [commands](#input\_commands) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "rm /cato/deviceid.txt",<br/>  "rm /cato/socket/configuration/socket_registration.json",<br/>  "nohup /cato/socket/run_socket_daemon.sh &"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_commands-secondary"></a> [commands-secondary](#input\_commands-secondary) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "nohup /cato/socket/run_socket_daemon.sh &"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_disk_size_gb"></a> [disk\_size\_gb](#input\_disk\_size\_gb) | Size of the managed disk in GB. | `number` | `8` | no |
| <a name="input_dns_servers"></a> [dns\_servers](#input\_dns\_servers) | n/a | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br/>  "10.254.254.1",<br/>  "168.63.129.16",<br/>  "1.1.1.1",<br/>  "8.8.8.8"<br/>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_floating_ip"></a> [floating\_ip](#input\_floating\_ip) | The floating IP address used for High Availability (HA) failover. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_image_reference_id"></a> [image\_reference\_id](#input\_image\_reference\_id) | The path to the image used to deploy a specific version of the virtual socket. | `string` | `"/Subscriptions/38b5ec1d-b3b6-4f50-a34e-f04a67121955/Providers/Microsoft.Compute/Locations/eastus/Publishers/catonetworks/ArtifactTypes/VMImage/Offers/cato_socket/Skus/public-cato-socket/Versions/19.0.17805"` | no |
| <a name="input_lan_nic_name_primary"></a> [lan\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_lan\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary LAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_lan_nic_name_secondary"></a> [lan\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_lan\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary LAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_lan_subnet_name"></a> [lan\_subnet\_name](#input\_lan\_subnet\_name) | The name of the LAN subnet within the specified VNET. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_license_bw"></a> [license\_bw](#input\_license\_bw) | The license bandwidth number for the cato site, specifying bandwidth ONLY applies for pooled licenses.  For a standard site license that is not pooled, leave this value null. Must be a number greater than 0 and an increment of 10. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_license_id"></a> [license\_id](#input\_license\_id) | The license ID for the Cato vSocket of license type CATO\_SITE, CATO\_SSE\_SITE, CATO\_PB, CATO\_PB\_SSE.  Example License ID value: 'abcde123-abcd-1234-abcd-abcde1234567'.  Note that licenses are for commercial accounts, and not supported for trial accounts. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | (Required) The Azure region where the resources should be deployed. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_mgmt_nic_name_primary"></a> [mgmt\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_mgmt\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary management network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_mgmt_nic_name_secondary"></a> [mgmt\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_mgmt\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary management network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_native_network_range"></a> [native\_network\_range](#input\_native\_network\_range) | Choose a unique range for your Azure environment that does not conflict with the rest of your Wide Area Network.<br/>    The accepted input format is Standard CIDR Notation, e.g. X.X.X.X/X | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | (Required) The name of the Azure Resource Group where all resources will be created. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_site_description"></a> [site\_description](#input\_site\_description) | A brief description of the site for identification purposes. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_site_location"></a> [site\_location](#input\_site\_location) | Site location which is used by the Cato Socket to connect to the closest Cato PoP. If not specified, the location will be derived from the Azure region dynamicaly. | <pre>object({<br/>    city         = string<br/>    country_code = string<br/>    state_code   = string<br/>    timezone     = string<br/>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br/>  "city": null,<br/>  "country_code": null,<br/>  "state_code": null,<br/>  "timezone": null<br/>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_site_name"></a> [site\_name](#input\_site\_name) | The name of the Cato Networks site. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_site_type"></a> [site\_type](#input\_site\_type) | The type of the site (DATACENTER, BRANCH, CLOUD\_DC, HEADQUARTERS). | `string` | `"CLOUD_DC"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnet_range_lan"></a> [subnet\_range\_lan](#input\_subnet\_range\_lan) | LAN subnet prefix in CIDR notation (e.g., X.X.X.X/X). | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A Map of Key = Value to describe infrastructure | `map(any)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_token"></a> [token](#input\_token) | API token used to authenticate with the Cato Networks API. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_vm_size"></a> [vm\_size](#input\_vm\_size) | (Required) Specifies the size of the Virtual Machine. See Azure VM Naming Conventions: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/vm-naming-conventions | `string` | `"Standard_D8ls_v5"` | no |
| <a name="input_vnet_name"></a> [vnet\_name](#input\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Virtual Network (VNET) where the vSockets will be deployed. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wan_nic_name_primary"></a> [wan\_nic\_name\_primary](#input\_wan\_nic\_name\_primary) | The name of the primary WAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_wan_nic_name_secondary"></a> [wan\_nic\_name\_secondary](#input\_wan\_nic\_name\_secondary) | The name of the secondary WAN network interface. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_cato_primary_serial"></a> [cato\_primary\_serial](#output\_cato\_primary\_serial) | Primary Cato Socket Serial Number |
| <a name="output_cato_secondary_serial"></a> [cato\_secondary\_serial](#output\_cato\_secondary\_serial) | Secondary Cato Socket Serial Number |
| <a name="output_cato_site_id"></a> [cato\_site\_id](#output\_cato\_site\_id) | ID of the Cato Socket Site |
| <a name="output_cato_site_name"></a> [cato\_site\_name](#output\_cato\_site\_name) | Name of the Cato Site |
| <a name="output_ha_identity_id"></a> [ha\_identity\_id](#output\_ha\_identity\_id) | ID of the User Assigned Identity for HA |
| <a name="output_ha_identity_principal_id"></a> [ha\_identity\_principal\_id](#output\_ha\_identity\_principal\_id) | Principal ID of the HA Identity |
| <a name="output_lan-sec-mac"></a> [lan-sec-mac](#output\_lan-sec-mac) | Collect MAC addess of Secondary LAN interface |
| <a name="output_lan_primary_nic_id"></a> [lan\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_lan\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the LAN Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_secondary_mac_address"></a> [lan\_secondary\_mac\_address](#output\_lan\_secondary\_mac\_address) | MAC Address of the Secondary LAN Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_secondary_nic_id"></a> [lan\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_lan\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the LAN Secondary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_lan_subnet_role_assignment_id"></a> [lan\_subnet\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_lan\_subnet\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the LAN Subnet |
| <a name="output_mgmt_primary_nic_id"></a> [mgmt\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_mgmt\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the Management Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_mgmt_secondary_nic_id"></a> [mgmt\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_mgmt\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the Management Secondary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_primary_nic_role_assignment_id"></a> [primary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_primary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the Primary NIC |
| <a name="output_secondary_nic_role_assignment_id"></a> [secondary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id](#output\_secondary\_nic\_role\_assignment\_id) | Role Assignment ID for the Secondary NIC |
| <a name="output_site_location"></a> [site\_location](#output\_site\_location) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_reboot_status"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_reboot\_status](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_reboot\_status) | Status of the Primary vSocket VM Reboot |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_vm_id"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_vm\_id](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_vm\_id) | ID of the Primary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_primary_vm_name"></a> [vsocket\_primary\_vm\_name](#output\_vsocket\_primary\_vm\_name) | Name of the Primary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_reboot_status"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_reboot\_status](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_reboot\_status) | Status of the Secondary vSocket VM Reboot |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_vm_id"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_id](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_id) | ID of the Secondary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_vsocket_secondary_vm_name"></a> [vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_name](#output\_vsocket\_secondary\_vm\_name) | Name of the Secondary vSocket Virtual Machine |
| <a name="output_wan_primary_nic_id"></a> [wan\_primary\_nic\_id](#output\_wan\_primary\_nic\_id) | ID of the WAN Primary Network Interface |
| <a name="output_wan_secondary_nic_id"></a> [wan\_secondary\_nic\_id](#output\_wan\_secondary\_nic\_id) | ID of the WAN Secondary Network Interface |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
